Despite being born right next to the mythical Loch Ness Lake, Kirsten MacCain's life was anything but amazing. She was raised by her single father, Rory MacCain, which was no wonder she grew up to be a temperamental tomboy. The most notable moment of her life was a near death experience when she almost drowned, only to be saved by her father, who was nowhere near yet swam there by himself. The locals hand waved it as adrenaline taking over, but it was only partially the truth.

As years passed, puberty approached and among the usual hormonal stuff, Kirsten felt a sudden urge to go for a swim in the lake, but couldn't leave the classroom and forced herself to endure it all until she collapsed. When she woke up she was fully submerged in the Loch Ness, held by a pitch black horse monstrosity that scared her at first, until she instinctively recognized it as her own father . And at that moment she was a monster too!

Rory MacCain was a Kelpie, a mythical equine creature of Scottish legends. Capable of transforming into different forms- a regular human, a full giant black horse and a hybrid of the two. He could breathe underwater, swim like a fish and even as a human was inhumanly strong. And now all those powers were manifesting in Kirsten too.

Even more interesting was that Rory used to be a superhero himself back in the day- a Terrifying DarkHorse, though his career was short lived. That revelation didn't change much of their lives, other than taking more regular baths in the lake to keep her instinct in check. She lamented over wasting her powers, but Rory was adamant on keeping a low profile, claiming that this was much “safer”. 

Then OblivAeon happened, everyone was called over and DarkHorse was among them. Kirsten followed him despite his wishes thinking she was ready to face them, but she was wrong and froze the moment the battle started and had to be protected by her father. 

After that humiliation, Kirsten all but abandoned her fleeting dreams and grew even more distant and cold. Not long later, in a dark, stormy night, one of the Mistgates suddenly opened and The Monster of Loch Ness, Nessie, appeared with her army of fishmen. It was thanks to the batch of new heroes and DarkHorse teaming up that the day was saved, while Kirsten could only watch from a distance in awe. Both father and daughter knew what they had to do now. DarkHorse was back in action, but Kirsten had a long way to go before she was ready. Thankfully, The Freedom Academy in Megalopolis was just just the place she needed.

Evil beware - you are about to face: Your Worst NightMare!