The Amazing Silver and Diamond! Greg Hudson and Mary Clarke weren’t superheroes. No, nothing that glamorous. Cheap stage magicians. Growing up in a performing family was rough. Constant moves, weird schedules. Though Lynsey knew her parents loved her a lot, they couldn’t provide her with the most stable living environment.

Even from a very young age, Lynsey could always see the threads. Feel them. Greg and Mary thought she needed glasses at first, but her vision was flawless. That aside, she was a precocious child, and a natural performer once she was old enough to be integrated into the acts as Pearl!

After Greg suffered an injury during a performance, the family settled down in Rook City and established a secure circuit of local venues. Not lucrative, but enough to stay put. As she got older, and got used to the local “threads” and how they criss-crossed, interacted with each other, and which colors and textures were related to things everyone else could see, Lynsey found she could manipulate them. This opened up a number of new tricks for the act – though they couldn’t understand it, her parents were delighted that their daughter could apparently perform honest-to-goodness magic.

It came at a cost though. Every thread pulled in one place was a knot made or a thread torn somewhere else. Bad luck. Strained relationships. Heightened danger in an already dangerous city. Lynsey couldn’t handle not understanding how her abilities worked anymore, and let the threads guide her next actions – she requested of the ether an answer, any answer. She found herself holding a key, marked #28. A safety deposit box key.

After some searching, she located the box. Inside was an old leather-wrapped journal. Though the handwriting was the same through the entire journal, the entries spanned a range of almost 150 years. Seemingly impossible, but this was a whole world of impossibilities. It wasn’t exactly a manual for her abilities, but Linsey found it useful enough to get a powerful grip on them.

With as little as the public knew about The Scholar, it took some time for Linsey to become aware of the journal’s original author. But his ethics and philosophy affected her deeply, and once she realized what she was able to do, she found herself on the fast track to Freedom Academy, becoming… The Inexplicable Theurgy